Add CEP for frozen environments (#99)
conda/ceps: cep-00??.md

  described in [RFC2119][RFC2119] when, and only when, they appear in all capitals, as shown here.

## Motivation

This CEP is inspired by [PEP 668][PEP-668], which defines the `EXTERNALLY-MANAGED` marker file for Python virtual environments. The conda ecosystem could benefit from a similar file for conda environments. Some examples include:

- Protecting modifications of the `base` environment in `conda` installations.
- Protecting external management of `.pixi/envs/*` environments by other tools.
- Reproducibility of the build and host environments in conda package building tools.

## Specification

- The marker file path MUST be `$CONDA_PREFIX/conda-meta/frozen`. This is case-sensitive.
- The marker file can be empty. It can optionally contain a JSON document with the schema described with a single key `message`. The value MUST be a non-empty string.
- Tools MUST respect the presence of `frozen` in the environment and error out with:
    - A message chosen by the tool, if `frozen` is empty.
    - The message included in the `message` key, if `frozen` is not empty.
    - A help message explaining how to override the check, if available.

> - Tools SHOULD offer a way to override the presence of `frozen`, but never by default. For example, `--override-frozen-env`.

Reviewer: You should include MUST for the "never by default" clause to reduce ambiguity.

Author: ```suggestion
- Tools SHOULD offer a way to override the presence of `frozen` (e.g. `--override-frozen-env`). However, tools MUST NOT enable the overrides by default.
```

Something like this?
